Provide feedback about the following topics:

1. Is the project organized modularly, with Make as the workflow manager?

No Male file but project has both R and python scripts.

2. Does the project use both Python (Pandas specifically) and R (Tidyverse specifically) scripts?

Pandas was used in python and tidyverse to create the plots.

3. Is Docker used to define execution environments appropriately?

You have your docker filer but you didn't intall anything. You can just call a premade docker that has R and python. You can use the one that I have in my make file which has pandas and tidyverse.

4. Are the plots appropriate for the data types, the hypotheses being tested, and the points being communicated?

You mentioned that your project is not done yet but so far you've made two plots. I would suggest combining the ones that you have into one. You can make race 3 categories 'blaack, white, other' and next to it but the number of non-hispanics as an additional bar. 

5. How can the project be organized or documented more clearly?

I think once you have your make file everything will be organized more clearly but you should add a feed folder for people to put their feedback.

6. Is the purpose of the project communicated clearly?

Methods were explained but not why this is important.

7. Does the purpose of the project make sense from the client’s point of view? How could the project better serve the client?

I think you should elaborate on this.

8. Is the source of the data made clear? (Remember that this project can be part of your public portfolios, so people not familiar with UMD may see it).

A description of the data was included but no mention of how people can access the data or learn more about it.

9. Is the interpretation of figures clearly explained?

No description of the tables was made.

10. Is the purpose and interpretation of analysis steps clearly communicated?

No purpose or interpretation of the analysis steps was communicated.

11. Are overall take-home messages clearly communicated?

I think overall the purpose of the project will be to use other information to see if location of affects the type of homeless people the shelter attracts. I can see how this can be important but should be communicated when writting the final report.